UI: pki auto-tidy views (#20685)
hashicorp/vault: ui/lib/pki/README.md

  The `parsedCertificate` attribute is an object that houses all of the parsed certificate data returned by the [parse-pki-cert.js](../../app/utils/parse-pki-cert.js) util.

- ### [pki/tidy](../../app/models/pki/tidy.js)

>   This model is used to manage [tidy](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs/secret/pki#tidy) operations in a few different contexts. All of the following endpoints share the same parameters _except_ `enabled` and `interval_duration` which are reserved for auto-tidy configuration settings.

Author: ```suggestion
  This model is used to manage [tidy](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/api-docs/secret/pki#tidy) operations in a few different contexts. All of the following endpoints share the same parameters _except_ `enabled` and `interval_duration` which are reserved for auto-tidy operations only.
```
